
I got my driver's license last week
Just like we always talked about
'Cause you were so excited for me
To finally drive up to your house
But today, I drove through the suburbs
Crying 'cause you weren't around


And you're probably with that blonde girl
Who always made me doubt
She's so much older than me
She's everything I'm insecure about
Yeah, today, I drove through the suburbs
'Cause how could I ever love someone else?

And I know we weren't perfect, but I've never felt this way for no one
And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay now that I'm gone
Guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me
'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street


And all my friends are tired
Of hearing how much I miss you, but
I kinda feel sorry for them
'Cause they'll never know you the way that I do
Yeah, today, I drove through the suburbs
And pictured I was driving home to you


And I know we weren't perfect, but I've never felt this way for no one, oh
And I just can't imagine how you could be so okay now that I'm gone
I guess you didn't mean what you wrote in that song about me
'Cause you said forever, now I drive alone past your street


Red lights, stop signs
I still see your face in the white cars, front yards
Can't drive past the places we used to go to
'Cause I still fuckin' love you, babe 
Sidewalks we crossed
I still hear your voice in the traffic, we're laughing
Over all the noise
God, I'm so blue, know we're through
But I still fuckin' love you, babe 

Car rides to Malibu
Strawberry ice cream, one spoon for two
And tradin' jackets
Laughin’ 'bout how small it looks on you

Watching reruns of Glee
Bein' annoying, singin’ in harmony
I bet she's braggin' to all her friends, sayin' you're so unique, hmm


So when you gonna tell her that we did that, too?
She thinks it's special, but it's all reused
That was our place, I found it first
I made the jokes you tell to her when she's with you
Do you get déjà vu when she’s with you?
Do you get déjà vu?  Hmm
Do you get déjà vu, huh?

Do you call her, almost say my name?
’Cause let's be honest, we kinda do sound the same
Another actress
I hate to think that I was just your type
And I bet that she knows Billy Joel
’Cause you played her "Uptown Girl"
You're singin' it together
Now I bet you even tell her how you love her
In between the chorus and the verse 


So when you gonna tell her that we did that, too?
She thinks it's special, but it’s all reused
That was the show we talked about
Played you the songs she's singing now when she's with you
Do you get déjà vu when she's with you?
Do you get déjà vu? 
Do you get déjà vu?


Strawberry ice cream in Malibu
Don't act like we didn't do that shit, too
You're tradin' jackets like we used to do

Play her piano, but she doesn't know 
That I was the one who taught you Billy Joel 
A different girl now, but there's nothing new




Well, good for you, I guess you moved on really easily
You found a new girl and it only took a couple weeks
Remember when you said that you wanted to give me the world?

And good for you, I guess that you've been workin' on yourself
I guess that therapist I found for you, she really helped
Now you can be a better man for your brand new girl 

Well, good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me
If you ever cared to ask
Good for you
You're doin' great out there without me, baby
God, I wish that I could do that
I've lost my mind, I've spent the night
Cryin' on the floor of my bathroom
But you're so unaffected, I really don't get it
But I guess good for you


Well, good for you, I guess you're gettin' everything you want 
You bought a new car and your career's really takin' off 
It's like we never even happened
Baby, what the fuck is up with that? 
And good for you, it's like you never even met me
Remember when you swore to God I was the only
Person who ever got you? Well, screw that, and screw you
You will never have to hurt the way you know that I do


Well, good for you
You look happy and healthy, not me
If you ever cared to ask
Good for you
You're doin' great out there without me, baby
God, I wish that I could do that
I've lost my mind, I've spent the night
Cryin' on the floor of my bathroom
But you're so unaffected, I really don't get it
But I guess good for you

We broke up a month ago
Your friends are mine, you know I know
You've moved on, found someone new
One more girl who brings out the better in you
And I thought my heart was detached
From all the sunlight of our past
But she's so sweet, she's so pretty
Does she mean you forgot about me?


Oh, I hope you're happy
But not like how you were with me
I'm selfish, I know, I can't let you go
So find someone great, but don't find no one better
I hope you're happy, but don't be happier

And do you tell her she's the most beautiful girl you've ever seen?
An eternal love bullshit you know you'll never mean
Remember when I believed
You meant it when you said it first to me?
And now I'm pickin' her apart
Like cuttin' her down will make you miss my wretched heart
But she's beautiful, she looks kind
She probably gives you butterflies


I hope you're happy
But not like how you were with me
I'm selfish, I know, I can't let you go
So find someone great, but don't find no one better
I hope you're happy
I wish you all the best, really
Say you love her, baby, just not like you loved me
And think of me fondly when your hands are on her
I hope you're happy, but don't be happier


Ooh, ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh


I hope you're happy
Just not like how you were with me
I'm selfish, I know, can't let you go
So find someone great, but don't find no one better
I hope you're happy, but don't be happier
Ooh-ooh-ooh
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah


Brown guilty eyes and
Little white lies, yeah
I played dumb, but I always knew
That you talked to her, maybe did even worse
I kept quiet so I could keep you

And ain't it funny how you ran to her
The second that we called it quits?
And ain't it funny how you said you were friends?
Now it sure as hell don't look like it


You betrayed me
And I know that you'll never feel sorry
For the way I hurt, yeah
You talked to her when we were together
Loved you at your worst, but that didn't matter
It took you two weeks to go off and date her
Guess you didn't cheat, but you're still a traitor


Now you bring her around just to shut me down
Show her off like she's a new trophy
And I know if you were true, there's no damn way that you
Could fall in love with somebody that quickly


And ain't it funny? All the twisted games
All the questions you used to avoid
Ain't it funny? Remember I brought her up
And you told me I was paranoid?

I found a guy, told me I was a star
He held the door, held my hand in the dark
And he's perfect on paper, but he's lying to my face
Does he think that I'm the kinda girl who needs to be saved?


And there's one more boy, he's from my past
We fell in love, but it didn't last
'Cause the second I figure it out, he pushes me away
And I won't fight for love if you won't meet me halfway
And I say that I'm through, but this song's still for you


All I want is love that lasts
Is all I want too much to ask?
Is it something wrong with me?
All I want is a good guy
Are my expectations far too high?
Try my best, but what can I say?
All I have is myself at the end of the day
But shouldn't that be enough for me?


Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
And I miss the days when I was young and naive
I thought the perfect guy would come and find me
Now happy ever after, it don't come so easily

I want it to be, like, messy


I'm so insecure, I think
That I'll die before I drink
And I'm so caught up in the news
Of who likes me and who hates you
And I'm so tired that I might
Quit my job, start a new life
And they'd all be so disappointed
'Cause who am I if not exploited?
And I'm so sick of seventeen
Where's my fucking teenage dream?
If someone tells me one more time
"Enjoy your youth," I'm gonna cry
And I don't stick up for myself
I'm anxious, and nothing can help
And I wish I'd done this before
And I wish people liked me more

All I did was try my best
This the kinda thanks I get?
Unrelentlessly upset 
They say these are the golden years
But I wish I could disappear
Ego crush is so severe
God, it's brutal out here





I feel like no one wants me
And I hate the way I'm perceived
I only have two real friends
And lately, I'm a nervous wreck
'Cause I love people I don't like
And I hate every song I write
And I'm not cool, and I'm not smart
And I can't even parallel park


All I did was try my best
This the kinda thanks I get?
Unrelentlessly upset 
They say these are the golden years
But I wish I could disappear
Ego crush is so severe
God, it's brutal out here

Know that I loved you so bad
I let you treat me like that
I was your willing accomplice, honey
And I watched as you fled the scene
Doe-eyed as you buried me
One heart broke, four hands bloody


The things I did
Just so I could call you mine
The things you did
Well, I hope I was your favorite crime

You used me as an alibi
I crossed my heart as you crossed the line
And I defended you to all my friends
And now every time a siren sounds
I wondеr if you're around
'Cause you know that I'd do it all again


All the things I did
Just so I could call you minе
The things you did
Well, I hope I was your favorite crime


It's bittersweet to think about the damage that we'd do
'Cause I was goin' down, but I was doin' it with you
Yeah, everything we broke and all the trouble that we made
But I say that I hate you with a smile on my face
Oh, look what we became


All the things I did
Just so I could call you mine
All the things you did
Well, I hope I was your favorite crime

I kinda wanna throw my phone across the room
'Cause all I see are girls too good to be true
With paper-white teeth and perfect bodies
Wish I didn't care


I know their beauty's not my lack
But it feels like that weight is on my back
And I can't let it go

Com-comparison is killin' me slowly
I think I think too much
'Bout kids who don't know me
I'm so sick of myself
I'd rather be, rather be
Anyone, anyone else
My jealousy, jealousy started followin' me 
Started followin' me 


And I see everyone gettin' all the things I want
I'm happy for them, but then again, I'm not
Just cool vintage clothes and vacation photos, I can't stand it
Oh God, I sound crazy


Their win is not my loss
I know it's true, but
I can't help gettin' caught up in it all


Com-comparison is killin' me slowly
I think I think too much
'Bout kids who don't know me
I'm so sick of myself
Rather be, rather be
Anyone, anyone else
My jealousy, jealousy 

Called you on the phone today
Just to ask you how you were
All I did was speak normally
Somehow, I still struck a nerve
You got me fucked up in the head, boy
Never doubted myself so much
Like, am I pretty? Am I fun, boy?
I hate that I give you power over that kinda stuff


'Cause it's always one step forward and three steps back
I'm the love of your life until I make you mad
It's always one step forward and three steps back
Do you love me, want me, hate me?
Boy, I don't understand
No, I don't understand

And maybe in some masochistic way
I kind of find it all exciting
Like, which lover will I get today?
Will you walk me to the door or send me home crying?


It's one step forward and three steps back
I'm the love of your life until I make you mad
It's always one step forward and three steps back
Do you love me, want me, hate me?
Boy, I don't understand


No, it's back and forth, did I say something wrong?
It's back and forth, going over everything I said
It's back and forth, did I do something wrong?
It's back and forth, maybe this is all your fault instead


It's one step forward and three steps back
And I'd leave you, but the rollercoaster's all I've ever had
Yeah, it's one step forward and three steps back
Do you love me, want me, hate me?
Boy, I don't understand
No, I don't understand